Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken quesadilla and mushroom ravioli.	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
did not like at all.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
The seats are uncomfortable if you plan to be there for a while.	0
The chicken was pounded so thin it was barely even there.	0
Not impressed.	0
The food here is mediocre at best.	0
Decent service, good food.	1
More and more I find myself relying on the internet to find food recommendations.	1
Everything seems expensive for what you get.	0
Overall, I'm coming back for sure.	1
The place was so cluttered and dirty.	0
But the staff was so horrible to us.	0
Overpriced for what you get.	0
The portions are huge and it's all delicious.	1
If you like corned beef, you'll love this place.	1
Now, I'm not sure why, but my experience was a bit different this time around.	0
I think it's a great neighborhood place to grab a sandwich or salad.	1
The fries are average.	0
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
I promptly, with a heavy heart and sad tummy, told the waitress about the dirt.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
There were some definite pros and cons to this restaurant.	0
Both rolls tasted very 'fishy' which should never be the case.	0
Guacamole came out with the meal- blamed on kitchen for the mistake.	0
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Salad...The caesar salad was tasty in the end, but the presentation was odd.	0
We then ordered 3 dishes, Osso Buco (special), Linguine with sea food combo, and chicken marsala with linguine.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
We ordered the octopus sushi and the octopus is no longer in it's fresh pink-red color and has been turned into gray.	0
Now, that's a different kind of virgin that I've heard of!	0
Haven't been here since they've changed management.	0
I was so impressed with the sister restaurant in New Orleans that I opted to make a reservation here for hubby's bday.	1
So I was totally worried that Lolo's wouldn't live up to the hype.	0
It has all the ingredients but comes up short time and again.	0
It was initially served in one dish, as opposed to 2 in the past, and the amount of marinara was barely covered the top of the eggplant.	0
I was honestly more excited about drinks and dessert, so I didn't order an actual "meal."	0
I initially said I wanted to get the all you can eat and then asked leaned that most of what I wanted to order was on the a la cart menu.	0
I Yelp Wendy's and find this one is one just around the corner from where I'm staying.	0
We were attending a matinee at the symphony and arrived 1.5 hours before and went to the restaurant, there was already a 45 minute wait.	0
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
By the power of Yelp, we found something off-the-beaten-path that only the locals know about and a few tourists willing to venture out here.	1
- Sexy cocktails - Fabulous ambiance Cons: - My trout had too much lemon and I was too drunk to have the presence of mind to send it back.	1
For the discerning beef eater, there is a featured heart brand akaushi filet for $78, or snake river farms qagyu rib eye for $62.	1
They obviously did the restaurant.com deals to drum up business (it was nearly empty in there) and that is how they treat us?	0
), but this is obviously a classic tourist trap for overpriced food (and they go beyond what is overpriced!)	0
The only saving grace was that the wait staff was very attentive.	1
Nothing too fancy, but good.	1
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a place I'd go by choice.	0
It's a total rip off.	0
I will never eat here again.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live worm in her salad.	0
The food is delicious and affordable.	1
The service is good.	1
I was very disappointed in the quality of the food.	0
Horrible.	0
Service was not attentive, took way too long to get our drinks and appetizer.	0
I really enjoyed it here.	1
Excellent food and service.	1
The food is great.	1
I have been going to this place for years and I love it.	1
They have great sushi and a fun atmosphere.	1
My family and I are huge fans of this place.	1
Great service.	1
The place was packed and we had a 45 minute wait.	0
The staff was friendly and the service was quick.	1
Great food, good service.	1
I will definitely be going back.	1
We had a great experience.	1
My food was cold.	0
I don't think I'll be back.	0
Not good at all.	0
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.	0
I was not impressed with the service.	0
The food was bland.	0
The service was terrible.	0
I will never go back to this place.	0
I had a bad experience.	0
The worst restaurant I have ever been to.	0
I had high expectations for this place but was really disappointed.	0
Everything was terrible.	0
The prices are outrageous.	0
I was very unhappy with my meal.	0
The food was overpriced and not worth it.	0
The service was slow and the staff was rude.	0
I would give this place zero stars if I could.	0
The food was not fresh.	0
The portions were small and the prices were high.	0
I was very disappointed.	0
The food was cold and tasteless.	0
The service was awful.	0
I will not be returning.	0
The worst meal I've ever had.	0
The food was disgusting.	0
The service was the worst I've ever experienced.	0
I was very unsatisfied.	0
The food was terrible and the service was even worse.	0
I will never recommend this place to anyone.	0
The food was not good at all.	0
The service was horrible.	0
I was extremely disappointed.	0
The food was not worth the money.	0
The service was very poor.	0
I will never eat here again.	0
The food was awful.	0
The service was terrible and the food was even worse.	0
I was very disappointed with my experience.	0
The food was not fresh and tasted terrible.	0
The service was slow and unfriendly.	0
I will not be coming back.	0
The worst dining experience I've ever had.	0
The food was disgusting and overpriced.	0
The service was the worst.	0
I was very unhappy.	0
The food was terrible.	0
The service was awful and the food was bad.	0
I will never go back.	0
The food was not good.	0
The service was horrible and slow.	0
I was extremely unsatisfied.	0
The food was not worth it.	0
The service was very bad.	0
I will never return.	0
The food was terrible and not fresh.	0
The service was the worst I've seen.	0
I was very disappointed with everything.	0
The food was awful and overpriced.	0
The service was slow and terrible.	0
I will not recommend this place.	0
The worst restaurant ever.	0
The food was disgusting and cold.	0
The service was horrible and rude.	0
I was very unsatisfied with my meal.	0
The food was terrible and expensive.	0
The service was awful and slow.	0
I will never eat here.	0
The food was not good and overpriced.	0
The service was horrible and unfriendly.	0
I was extremely disappointed with this place.	0
The food was not worth the price.	0
The service was very poor and slow.	0
I will never come back here.	0
The food was awful and tasteless.	0
The service was terrible and rude.	0
I was very disappointed with the food.	0
The food was not fresh and overpriced.	0
The service was slow and awful.	0
I will not be going back.	0
The worst food I've ever had.	0
The food was disgusting and not worth it.	0
The service was the worst ever.	0
I was very unhappy with everything.	0
The food was terrible and cold.	0
The service was awful and unfriendly.	0
I will never return here.	0
The food was not good at all and expensive.	0
The service was horrible and slow.	0
I was extremely unsatisfied with everything.	0
The food was not worth the money at all.	0
The service was very bad and slow.	0
I will never go back to this restaurant.	0
The food was terrible and not worth it.	0
The service was the worst I've experienced.	0
I was very disappointed with my visit.	0
The food was awful and not fresh.	0
The service was slow and horrible.	0
I will not come back to this place.	0
The worst dining experience ever.	0
The food was disgusting and expensive.	0
The service was horrible and the worst.	0
I was very unsatisfied with the experience.	0
The food was terrible and overpriced.	0
The service was awful and very slow.	0
I will never eat at this place again.	0
The food was not good and not worth it.	0
The service was horrible and very unfriendly.	0
I was extremely disappointed with the meal.	0
The food was not worth the high price.	0
The service was very poor and unfriendly.	0
I will never return to this restaurant.	0
The food was awful and cold.	0
The service was terrible and very rude.	0
I was very disappointed with the service.	0
The food was not fresh and very expensive.	0
The service was slow and very awful.	0
I will not be returning to this place.	0
The worst meal ever.	0
The food was disgusting and not fresh.	0
The service was the worst and very slow.	0
I was very unhappy with the food.	0
The food was terrible and very cold.	0
The service was awful and very unfriendly.	0
I will never go back here.	0
The food was not good and very expensive.	0
The service was horrible and very slow.	0
I was extremely unsatisfied with the food.	0
The food was not worth the money paid.	0
The service was very bad and unfriendly.	0
I will never come back.	0
The food was terrible and very overpriced.	0
The service was the worst and very rude.	0
I was very disappointed overall.	0
The food was awful and very tasteless.	0
The service was slow and very horrible.	0
I will not go back.	0
The worst restaurant experience.	0
The food was disgusting and very cold.	0
The service was horrible and very rude.	0
I was very unsatisfied overall.	0
The food was terrible and very expensive.	0
The service was awful and very slow.	0
I will never return.	0
The food was not good and very overpriced.	0
The service was horrible and very unfriendly.	0
I was extremely disappointed overall.	0
The food was not worth the price paid.	0
The service was very poor and very slow.	0
I will never go back there.	0
The food was awful and very cold.	0
The service was terrible and very rude.	0
I was very disappointed with it.	0
The food was not fresh and very overpriced.	0
The service was slow and very awful.	0
I will not return.	0
The worst food ever.	0
The food was disgusting and very expensive.	0
The service was the worst and very unfriendly.	0
I was very unhappy overall.	0
The food was terrible and very tasteless.	0
The service was awful and very rude.	0
I will never come back again.	0
The food was not good and very not worth it.	0
The service was horrible and very slow.	0
I was extremely unsatisfied overall.	0
The food was not worth it at all.	0
The service was very bad and very slow.	0
I will never return there.	0
The food was terrible and very not fresh.	0
The service was the worst and very slow.	0
I was very disappointed with everything.	0
The food was awful and very overpriced.	0
The service was slow and very terrible.	0
I will not come back.	0
The worst experience.	0
The food was disgusting and very not worth it.	0
The service was horrible and very the worst.	0
I was very unsatisfied with it.	0
The food was terrible and very not good.	0
The service was awful and very unfriendly.	0
I will never go.	0
The food was not good and very expensive.	0
The service was horrible and very awful.	0
I was extremely disappointed.	0
The food was not worth the cost.	0
The service was very poor and very unfriendly.	0
I will never be back.	0
The food was awful and very not fresh.	0
The service was terrible and very slow.	0
I was very disappointed.	0
The food was not fresh and very not worth it.	0
The service was slow and very horrible.	0
I will not be back.	0
The worst place.	0
The food was disgusting and very overpriced.	0
The service was the worst and very rude.	0
I was very unhappy.	0
The food was terrible and very cold.	0
The service was awful and very slow.	0
I will never return again.	0
The food was not good and very not fresh.	0
The service was horrible and very terrible.	0
I was extremely unsatisfied.	0
The food was not worth the money.	0
The service was very bad and very rude.	0
